UNR-2193 Dropped Multicast RPCs Fix (#1399)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased-`x.y.z`] - 2019-xx-xx

> - Multicast RPCs are now processed after the EntityCreation request is satisfied.

Reviewer: This should be in the `### Bug fixes:` section of 0.7.0

Author: Updated

- Streaming levels with query-based interest (QBI) enabled no longer produces errors if the player connection owns unreplicated actors.
- Fixed an issue that would prevent player movement in a zoned deployment.
- Fixed an issue that could cause queued incoming RPCs with unresolved references to never be processed.

> - Multicast RPCs are now processed after the EntityCreation request is satisfied.

Reviewer 2: I'd phrase this as a bug fix as this is a little hard to parse.
Something like about how rpcs made soon after entity creation are now correctly processed on non owning clients.

Author: `Multicast RPCs, that are close to Actor creation request are not dropped now, but queued till the Actor creation request is satisfied.`

Author: Would that be good enough?

Reviewer 2: It's still a bit misleading slightly odd grammar. Maybe:
`Muticast RPCs, that are sent shortly after after an actor is created, are now correctly processed by all clients.`
I don't think it matters that much though.

Author: Updated.

> - Multicast RPCs are now processed after the EntityCreation request is satisfied.

Author: ```suggestion
- Muticast RPCs, that are sent shortly after after an actor is created, are now correctly processed by all clients.
```

> - Muticast RPCs, that are sent shortly after after an actor is created, are now correctly processed by all clients.

Author: ```suggestion
- Muticast RPCs, that are sent shortly after an actor is created, are now correctly processed by all clients.
```
